Asuna...
You're late, Kirito.
You...
What if I'd caught a cold?
S-Sugou?
That was a horrible thing you did, Kirito.
I can still feel the pain.
Sugou, you're finished...
Turn yourself in and stand trial.
What's finished? There are plenty
of companies that would want me.
Yes, once my research is complete, I can
become a true king, the god of this world.
You...
But first of all, I'm going
to kill you now, Kirito.
Hey, stand up.
Stand up!
A piece of trash like you daring to...
Daring to get in my way!
Naturally, the punishment for that is death.
Only death is an acceptable outcome!
Huh? The vision in my right eye
is blurry... So I missed.
You piece of scum...
A wretch like you...
A wretch like you has
no real power whatsoever!
Sugou, you aren't any different.
Die, trash!
A weak weapon...
It's light, without any reach.
But it's more than enough to kill you!
Go on, she's waiting.
Asuna...
Kirito.
Yeah. The final...
The true final battle ended just now.
It's over...
I'm sorry. I still can't hear properly.
But I understand what you're saying, Kirito.
It's over, isn't it?
I finally... I finally got to meet you.
Hello. My name is Asuna Yuki.
I'm back, Kirito.
I'm Kazuto Kirigaya.
Welcome back, Asuna.
The feelings I've hidden
are crying out in pain
Holding a sure promise in my hand
Seeking only a miracle, I wander
through an endless darkness
If I stay here, I won't
ever see the future again
Tonight the moon summons me again.
Though I still cannot speak,
I keep crying out in my heart
My hidden feelings
are crying out in pain
Holding a sure promise in my hand
If I can stay stronger a bit longer,
I will go beyond
this sky right in front of me
I will reach out towards
the future ahead of me
"The World Seed"
"Friday, May 16, 2025"
So this sentence construction--
That's all for today.
I'll be sending homework files 25 and 26.
Be sure to upload them by next week.
Sorry to make you wait, Asuna.
I'm tired. And hungry...
You sound like an old man, Kirito.
Over the past month, I feel
like I've aged five years.
Also, it isn't Kirito. It's Kazuto. Revealing
character names here is bad manners.
Right! It slipped out...
What about me then?
Everyone will know!
It's because you used your real
name for your character.
Well, everyone at this school was a victim of
the SAO incident, so I bet my cover's blown too.
Asuna...
How are you doing physically?
You're still in rehab, right?
Yeah. I can finally walk
without crutches.
But they say I still shouldn't run.
Oh.
By the way, Kirito...
Didn't you realize this place is
totally visible from the cafeteria?
Seriously...
That screwup cost you lunch.
Ah! Sorry...
Ta-dah.
By the way, is your father okay?
Yeah, but for a while,
he was pretty down.
He resigned as CEO and is semiretired. I think
he wants to relinquish his remaining duties.
I'm sure he'll find a hobby
soon and cheer up.
I see...
That snowy day, Sugou was arrested
in the hospital parking lot.
Following his arrest, he denied everything,
trying to pin all the blame on Akihiko Kayaba.
But once one of his staff was brought in for
questioning, he quickly confessed to everything.
Fortunately, the 300 players who hadn't
escaped SAO had no memory of the experiments.
No one had neurological or psychiatric problems.
They say everyone can return to normal life.
"Another Terrifying VRMMO Incident"
However, the virtual MMO genre was dealt a fatal blow.
"Horrifying Human Experiments"
"Fatal Flaw in the Game System!?
After SAO, Another Horrible Crime Occurs in ALO"
However, the virtual MMO genre was dealt a fatal blow.
In the end, RCT Progress was dissolved.
And RCT HQ received a serious setback.
"Apology Regarding the ALO Incident"
Of course, ALO was forced to shut down.
And the five or six other VRMMO titles on the
market were said to be doomed for cancellation.
Hey, come to think of it, what happened
to the commander in the end?
Kayaba died.
--They say it was suicide.
--Suicide?
When the SAO world collapsed, it seems
he performed a high-output scan of his brain.
Does that mean he copied
his consciousness onto the Internet?
I heard his chances of success were
less than one in a thousand, but...
That day, I know I spoke
with his consciousness.
--What's this?
--The beginning of a world, "the Seed."
Once it sprouts,
you'll understand what it is.
What to do then is up to you.
You can delete and forget it.
However, if you have any feelings
left for that world besides hatred...
Kirito?
Hey, Kirito. About today's
meeting with the others...
Oh... Sorry.
I spaced out.
Oh you!
In the game or here, when you relax,
you really are one spaced-out, laid-back guy!
Come on, Liz... Rika!
Don't be so noisy when you drink.
But... Look at how
Kirito's all over her.
They shouldn't act like that at school.
It's in poor taste to spy on them.
If I had known, I wouldn't have
agreed to a one-month ceasefire.
It was your idea!
Letting those two enjoy their
romance for a month...
You should have known better.
Are you going to the meeting today?
Of course!
Hey, Sugu. Have you ever met Agil?
Yeah, we went hunting
twice in ALO. He's really big!
Just a heads-up... He's that size
in real life too. Prepare yourself.
"Closed for a Private Party"
Hey now... Don't tell me we're late.
The stars should always turn up last.
So we told you to come a little later.
All right, come on in!
All right, everybody...
Let's have a cheer. Ready!
Kirito, congratulations on beating SAO!
Here.
Cheers!
Bartender, bourbon on the rocks.
--What? Oolong tea?
--Agil, give me a real one.
You sure, Klein? Aren't you
going back to work after this?
Can't pull overtime without alcohol. And...
--Long time no see.
--Thinker...
Come to think of it, I hear
that you married Yulier.
I know it's late, but congratulations.
Yes, but I'm still fully occupied with
getting used to the real world, though.
In addition, my business
has finally got on track.
Congratulations, man! Hey, I've been
reading the new MMO Today.
Oh, how embarrassing.
There isn't much content yet.
And with the current state of MMOs,
walkthrough info and news will soon be irrelevant.
It's like the chaos when
the universe was born.
Agil, what's been going on with the Seed?
It's amazing.
There are around 50 mirror servers
and 100,000 downloads right now.
And 300 major servers
that actually run it.
After I saved Asuna,
I took the world seed Kayaba had given me
to Agil, and I asked him to analyze it.
I learned that the world seed
was a program package
that ran a full-dive MMO called
the Seed, developed by Kayaba.
In essence, anyone with access
to a good enough server
could download the Seed and
create their own online world.
I asked Agil to upload it to servers
across the world for anyone to use.
This revived the dying virtual MMO genre.
ALfheim Online's data was transferred in full
to a new company and is still running.
But ALfheim wasn't the only world born.
Several hundred midsized firms and even private
individuals launched their own virtual game servers.
Eventually, they all interconnected
and it's reaching the point where a character
created in one game can be transferred to another.
Hey, the after-party is going
ahead as planned, right?
Yeah, at 11 tonight.
We meet in Yggdrasil City.
"ALfheim, Cait Sith Territory
Above the Capital City, Freelia"
"Altitude Limit"
I was worried you'd go too high up.
It's almost time, so I came to get you.
Oh, thanks.
Hey, Big Bro... Kirito.
ALO has a new company running it,
and you can use your SAO avatars now.
So why didn't you go back to your
old avatar like the others did?
The job of that world's
Kirito has ended.
I see.
Then I was the first to meet the Spriggan Kirito
and travel with him to the World Tree.
Hey, Kirito... Let's dance!
It's an advanced technique they just developed.
You hover, then move slowly horizontally.
Huh...
That's it! You're doing great!
Leafa?
I'll be going home now.
Why?
Because...
It's too far away.
Where you... where you all are.
I can't go that far...
Sugu...
That's not true.
You can go anywhere you want!
It's coming.
What's with the moon?
It can't be... It can't be. That's...
That's right.
That is the floating castle Aincrad.
But why? What's it doing here?
I'm going to finish this.
This time, I'm going to beat
all 100 floors and conquer that castle.
Leafa...
My stats were reset,
so I'm a lot weaker now.
You'll help me, right?
Yeah, I will.
I'll go anywhere with you.
Hey! You're late, Kirito!
--We're leaving you behind!
--See you there!
--Come on.
--Hurry.
Let's go, Kirito... Leafa.
Come on, Daddy, hurry.
Okay, let's go!
The cowardly past that I'd acknowledged
Still not understanding why,
I stand behind myself, scared
Projecting reality onto today
I've drawn so many skies
This must be my fleeting heart
Out of control
In my dreams, this body soars so high
And it can brush away any fears that cling to me
Asleep inside me, these budding
feelings start to expand
I realize this, weak as I am...
As long as I had you
I could stay strong in this dark world
My heart will dream a long dream forever
I want to always be with you
I'll give you everything I have...